docs: DOC-2773: MAAS + VMware Skip Worker Node Upgrades (#10207)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates.md

4. Confirm that the cluster is now using an updated profile.

## Trigger Worker Node Upgrade

If you have enabled the [**Skip worker node update (Optional)**](./node-pool.md#worker-node-pool) option for worker

> nodes on AWS IaaS, MAAS, or VMware vSphere clusters, you can manually trigger a worker node upgrade at any time after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nodes on an AWS IaaS, MAAS, or VMware vSphere cluster, you can manually trigger a worker node upgrade at any time after
```
